Add Cosmos DB to adopt ring (#56)
pagopa/technology-radar: radar/platforms-and-services/azure-cosmosdb.md

### Use cases

Opt for Azure Cosmos DB for NoSQL simplicity with multi-model flexibility, providing efficient and scalable data storage. More details can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/use-cases)

### Reference of usage in our organization

> We use Azure Cosmos DB in several applications, usually with SQL API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We utilize Azure Cosmos DB across multiple applications, predominantly employing the SQL API, which receives excellent support directly from the vendor. 
```

> We use Azure Cosmos DB in several applications, usually with SQL or Mongo API.

Reviewer: I'd avoid Mongodb API since they're not first support according to a call we had with Microsoft.
